how did you discover what was like your
sharpen your destiny so it's a process
that's a good news so I like and finding
your passion to falling in love there is
no love at first sight your passion is
something in you already but it's just
an interest so now you're going to head
down the path of gaining mastery and the
more master you gain in that you're
really going to see if this is the thing
that you're meant to be doing or not yes
or no and then the tricky one is where
is the revenue model in all of that
because one thing to know that you're
passionate about something that you
can't ever monetize and most people
think they can't do it and they tell
themselves a lie that oh if I'm getting
paid for it then I'll stop loving it
that's total BS
[Music]